WDS-125 async select search (#498)
soramitsu/soramitsu-js-ui-library: .changeset/nine-vans-dress.md

---
'@soramitsu-ui/ui': minor
---

> **feat**(`STextField`): add `prefix` slot - inline elements before input and `filledState` prop to use filled state when prefix presents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**feat**(`STextField`): add `prefix` slot to render elements before input, and `filled-state` prop to manually activate the filled state on the component when the prefix presents
```

Probably put `filled-state` in a separate changeset?

Author: changed
`filled-state` is mostly part of prefix feature
